c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\DeckOfCards.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\DeckOfCards.pdb
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.dotnet.pdb
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.dotnet.xml
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\obj\Debug\DeckOfCards.dll
c:\users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\obj\Debug\DeckOfCards.pdb
C:\Users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\sachi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
C:\Users\sachi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DeckOfCards\DeckOfCards\obj\Debug\DeckOfCards.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
